Sun 12/16/2018 
--------------
Yesterday on Saturday Mom, Faye, and I went to our Grandparents house
to get some chickens for the New Year. We left around 11 am. Before we
went Andrew, Faye, and I played BOTW. We had stop when we got to Death
Mountain. On the way to Grandma and Grandpa, I fall asleep on the way,
because it was boring. When we got there we were locked out till Uncle
Yee came. When he did I found a game called Taboo. It's were you get a
card and you have to describe it to you team. But there a twist, the
card had words that you can't use. We played with uncle and his
girlfriend. After that they went somewhere and we were all alone.
After awhile Aunt Tha came and took us to Target. At Target we got
myself a box of Pokemon Trading cards. After paying we went to Walmart
to get Faye her ugly sweater. After get that we went home and long
story short me and Faye played games on Mom's iPhone.

Fri 12/14/2018 
--------------
It's finally Friday, and the weekend is here! In the morning we did
our bags for our Christmas gift for our parents. After around thirty
minutes, we went to the Multi purpose room for the Christmas show. We
all sang the songs but mess up on one. So we had to start all over.
Satjeevan was not please though, he was upset because singing was he
least favorite thing to do. We only got to Mrs. Scott class because
lunch was being severed to the first grader. And it was are recess
time which meant that we had skip Math. But the Holo Group played
tag(Expect Taty TnT). After recess went to class to do must dos and
stuff. I had finished my bag where the present was going to be in, so
I had to do my reading log, which I need to do the boxes. But Nataliya
was still doing hers, and gosh darn it look great. She was draw a
little ginger beard man. But when it  was time for lunch, I was only
two boxes in, so I ate my lunch fast to get my reading log done, which
I may tell was a pain. I had gotten to the last one while the Holo
Group played tag. After recess we went to class to do our unfinished
work, because it was a Friday went to th library. Like normal Mrs.
Heller read a  book to us and we got to pick ours. After the went to
class and clean up pack up. 

Thu 12/13/2018 
--------------
One...More...Day...Of... DARN SCHOOL! Anyways, in the morning we went
and did star reading test. After we where done we did our place mat.
At one point Mrs. Langely told us who reading level went up. My went
up to 1.6, and my last one was 5.4. I was so shocked that I went that
high! But at 9:25 for group. After group we went to class and did a
math quiz. It's was pretty easy and I got done early. At recess went
the Holo Group we played tag again. After that we went and read Tuck
Everlasting. We learn why it's important to grow up. After that Mr. V
told us that a folk tale and a story about a boy. After that it was
lunch. And I got my order and sat with Holo Group. After that we went
to recess and played. After that we went to class and did some glueing
for our MG. After that we colour some bags for a thing that I shall
not tell, YET! But soon after we had to clean up and pack to go to
science. In science we did a test. When everyone was done we did a
hands on test. We saw if three solids where going to make a solution.
But one made a mixtures, and we add extra water. After that we did a
mix with two of the solid and it made a reaction. After that it was
the end of the day.

Wed 12/12/2018 
------------
In the morning we went and did work on our PR. Today, I got my report
finished but I didn't what to send it so I just went till I had to go
to reading group. After reading group it was math, and we did more
times by two digit. We had to work by our self, and we work in our
SAB. At recess we went and did tag, and Taty and I were it. After
recess we went and read a little of Tuck Everlasting. After we did
Social Studies keys ideas. Everyone was upset that they couldn't send
their work. Mrs. Langely, told us that we just had to show her. After
that we went to lunch, and again, I got my lunch and sat with the Holo
group. At recess we went and played tag again. After recess we went to
class. The Holo group got done with all the must do and did a
placement thing, for people who where in the hospital. We all made
great one. But I think Haylie and Ari made the best. After a while we
had too clean up and pack up to do a little practice for the Christmas
Show. When we got there we practice three times. And after that we
went home.

Wed 12/12/2018 
-------------
This is a make up for Tuesday . In the morning we did our PR. But I
had to go to groups for level readers as normal. When we got from
level reader, we did math. Math was boring as today, because all we
did was do a problem and went to do SAB. At recess the Holo group
played tag as normal. When we got back to class we did Tuck
Everlasting stuff. After that we went and did Social Studies. After
that we went to lunch. I got my order and went to sit with the Holo
Group. At recess we played tag again. I forgot what happen on after
recess so were just going to skip to science. But all we did in
science was do three worksheet.

Mon 12/10/2018 
--------------
Today in the morning we did practice for the show. We all got to do
our songs again, it was really fun to watch everyone dances. But right
after my class songs we had to do a fire drill. After the drill we
had to start all over again which suck. After the practice we went and
did math. In math we did power of tens again. After that Ari and I
went and draw because the rest of the Holo Group was doing the dance.
When recess was done we went and did Social Studies. The only thing we
did was read a paragraph and fill a poster. After that we went to
lunch to eat. I got my order and went to sit down with the Holo
group. At recess we went and did tag. But it was only for a while,
because we were getting tired. After that we played like tag, but not
really. When we got back to class we read a story. It was about what
snowman do when at night. After the read we had to make our own mini
story. And at 1:45 we clean up and pack up to go home.

Sun 12/09/2018 
--------------
This morning mom woke up early to fried eggrolls for my birthday
party. Also in the morning we played BOTW, we found a horse made out
of bones. Around 12 or 1 Uncle Cha came and gave me 20 dollars. Around
that time we played Smash Bros. Around 1 still, Delyeah, Daisy, and
Dallas came and we all played Smash. At one point Andrew went to
bed.After that Faye And Delyeah played classic mode. And around 5 they
went home.

Fri 12/07/2018 
--------------
Today at school we did the last DPE page. After that we got time to
do our PR. But we had to go for the Christmas Show Practice. This time
we got to do our songs and dance. After that it was time for recess.
The Holo Group played tag again. After recess we did math today. We
learn how to times by powers of tens. After that we did Social
Studies. We had to do the thing for the Souther Colonies. We weren't
done but Mrs.Langely told us we we can finished after lunch. At lunch
it was the same I got my lunch and we played tag. Back in class we
continue Social Studies. After that we got more time to do our PR.
Today we had library so went and go a book or two. When we went back
to class we pack up and clean up.

Fri 12/07/2018 
--------------
I had to make up for Thursday, so here in entry. On Thursday, we did
DPE as normal. After that we got time to do PR.(Its going to be short
since I forgot.) At math time we did some groups. I was in the group
where my trouble was word problem. At recess the Holo group played
tag. After recess we did some thing in Social Studies. At lunch I got
I went to talk to the Holo group. At lunch we played tag. After that
I forgot what happen next so will skip to science. At science we learn
how water can hold some much water. After that we went home. Everyone
said thank you to me for the cupcakes because it was my birthday.

Wed 12/05/2018 
--------------
Today in class we did DPE. After DPE we did must dos. I finished my
pre research. At 9:25 I had to go to reading group. After reading
group we went to class to try to do the math test again. After that we
did something with whole numbers with power of tens. After that when
it' was recess we played tag, and I was it. After recess we got time
to do...I forgot what we did. So at lunch I got breakfast for lunch
and sat with the Holo Group. This recess we played something new. At
recess we played a game where there is two killer, one doctor, one
cop, and a innocent. I was a killer in two round, and a doctors in
one. After recess we went to class to do grammar, and reading. After
that we had to clean up and pack to practice for our song. We learn
how to do the hand movements. And after that we went home

Tue 12/04/2018 
--------------
Today at school we went to class and DPE. The week DPE theme was
about gods. After DPE we did must dos. We had to do vocab and after
that we got to do PR. At 9:25 the 9:25 group went to do level reader.
After group went to class. In class we were going to take a math quiz
because most of did awful on the test yesterday. We had to do eight
problems. After we were done we could read. At recess, The Holo Group
played tag. After recess we went to class to do SS. In SS we learn
about how the colonies deal with class. After we did that it was time
for lunch. At lunch I talk to the Holo Group. At recess we did some
races. Back in class we did some Summarize. We did one the whole class
and in pairs. I did pairs with Haylie. After that we write down
grammar notes and homework. We got ready to go to science. In science
we check out the water we left on Thursday and we saw slat crystal.
After science class we went home.

Mon 12/03/2018 
--------------
Today is another Monday, so let's get started. Today in the morning we
went in the classroom to get our lyrics for the Christmas show. Over
there we sang it's a Small World and We Wish you a Merry Christmas.
After we sang those two songs, we did a place where each class will
be in the solo songs. After that we went to the class room and did our
math test. It wasn't that hard for me. After I finished I went and
did my PR. When it was recess, Mrs. Langely told us to stay in if we
had work to do. When The Holo Group was outside we played tag. After
recess we did ELA. We did vocab and read a story. After that we went
to lunch. Once I grab my lunch I went to sit with the Holo Group. I
told jokes to Ari and Nataliya. Once outside we played tag again. When
we came back, Mrs. Langely told us to go outside and do PE with other
classes. At PE The Holo Group played Hockey. And that was my day.

Sun 12/02/2018 
-------------
This morning around 8 or 9 we play LOZ:BOTW. Andrew had gather
enough Sprit Orbs to get three hearts. After we got the hearts we went
to see if we could pull The Master Sword out. And sure enough we
could we were all so happy and surprise that we got the Master Sword
out. After we got the Master Sword went to Hyrule Castle. We saved
there because we almost ran out of time. This was before we got the
Master Sword. Andrew found a beach and fought a Guardian. But we also
found a new mob that was a rock boss. The way to beat it is to go on
it's back and hit it. You also get gems to. All right, back to the
story. After playing BOTW we went and did our own things. Around one,
Mom told us to get ready since we were going to Delyeah house for a
BQQ. But once over there Dillyn, Daisy, and Dallas were there. Dillyn
told me that Delyeah went shopping with their Mom. I played with
Dillyn with his turf guns. I also met Cassy how was my other Cousin.
she was very cool and we shared things in common. We all had to going
inside for some reason I don't why. Later Delyeah was back and we
played a few card games. Cassy show us how to play a game called
Spoon. It when you pick a card in your deck and try to find another
one. It took Cassey a long time to let Cassey finished because we
were all noisy. We had a drawing contest also. But Mom ruined it
because we had to go home. But that didn't stop there, we also went
to Goodwill. The reason was to find Faye a sweater. But we didn't find
anything and I'm to lazy to end this so I a short summary I just sit
around.

Sat 12/01/2018 
--------------
Today In the morning we played LOZ: BOTW. Today we went to the
jungle. In the jungle we found new fruit and a dragon. And we found a
tower to get the area scan. After the time ran out we just went and
did our own thing. I notice that the only time we stop fight and
yelling at each other, is when we played BOTW, because even if we do
yell, it because were to busy looking at the TV. Anyways we did
nothing else after, but eat eggs and Faye and I do the dishes. Around
1'O clock we went to Golden Corlas. Over there we ate steak. I ate all
of my food that I got, but Faye only ate a little of he steak and
fish. While there we got sweets, me and Faye both got ice cream and
cotton candy. After that we went home.

Fri 11/30/2018 
--------------
Yass! It's Friday and that means it the weekend tomorrow! But for that
to happen I had to go school first. In the morning when we came in
Mrs. Langely told us to get our songs for the Christmas Show. She
also give a new song that was called "My little Dreidel". She told us
once we get it we could go line up outside. When everyone was out, we
went to the lunch room. Over there was all the 4th and 5th grader
getting in their places. Once we were all settle, we did "It's a Small
World" and "Merry Christmas" and the new one. After singing  all of
them we all went down to try to get where we need to be. After we all
know where were going to sit after our songs, we all went back to
class.  In class we some of did the DPE quiz others did the Grammar,
and and the rest of did President research. When it was time for
recess The Holo group played tag, but this time Yuvraj played with us.
But at one point a slip and fell. I cried because it hurt and my
clothes were all dirty. The yard duty told me to clean my hands and
ask me if I what to call my Mom or Dad to get new clothes. But I said
no and went to the bathrooms. Haylie and Nataliya came with, but I
told them to wait out side the bathroom. When recess ended, Ari and
Tate told me that we can only walk on the wet area. At Social Studies
I was crying, but I stilled answer the questions when my name was
pulled.  When Social Studies ended Mrs. Langely told me if I every
need help come and ask her. At lunch I got my fish sticks. I sat down
with the Holo group as normal. When Samantha came she told us when she
made a pastry it almost sat on fire. I laughed at the story. And I
turned back to myself. At recess we played tag but I couldn't play for
I hurt myself when I slip. After recess we did Math In class. We
filled in a study guide for math. After that we went to the library.
Over there we got new books and one that talk about President we got.
Then after that we had to clean up for the end of the day.

Thu 11/29/2018 
--------------
Today is Thursday, so that means it's two more days till the weekend.
But it Thursday, so I still have to go to school TwT. Anyways today in
the morning we DPE and it was the last time till next week. So after
DPE we did must dos. At 8:25 we went to groups. I didn't see the clock
so I didn't know, but someone told me and I was shocked that none of
the other told me. When I got there my group did our level reader.
 
Wed 11/28/2018 
--------------
Today was an same old school day, so let's get started. In the morning
we did DPE. This week was about a kid how listen to music. Also I
gotten to check who have their mystery graphic. After that I went to
do my Thanksgiving newspaper. But we had to do DPE check. After that
we got to do must do. But the same six people went to group at 9:25
for level reader. At around 10:45 went back to class to do a math
quiz. I would have gotten a B if it went in the grade book. Around
when everyone was done we got to check our self. When recess came by
we went out side and The Holo group played tag. After recess Mrs.
Langely gave us time to finished our S.S. test. While the rest of us
did our TN. When it was lunch I got chicken patty. I sat with the
Holo Group as normal. At recess we played tag. Then we went back to
the class room to do Grammar. In Grammar we just did our sentences.
Then we clean up and pack up to go do crab soccer for P.E. Then we
went home.

Tue 11/27/2018 
--------------
Sorry about not doing a entry yesterday. But Neovim wasn't working.
Anyways here is the entry for today. In the morning the first thing we
did was get our books and went to the MPR. We were there because it
was for Christmas Performance. It a show that 5th and 4th graders do.
We sang "It's a Small World" and "We Wish you a Mary Christmas.". But
six students which were me, Joe, Eli, Tatyana, Savanah, Pavel, had to
go for the level reader. Eli was mad because he what to do the
performance instead of the level reader. After level reader we all
went back to class to do math. In math today we shared our answer form
the word problem from yesterday. We also did word problem in our SAB.
After math we went to recess. The Holo group which are Tat(Tatyana),
Ari(Ariana), Brian, Haylie, Nataliya, and of course me, Maxine. At
recess we played tag. After recess everyone took the Social Studies
test. The question were easy, because we had the study guide. After I
was finished I wait till some one would just get up and put their
chrombooks. I waited for what felt like forever. Then Joe or Jonas
went and put their chormbook away. After I put my away... I forgot
what I did so I don't know what I did, so don't get mad at me Dad,
I'm sorry, so let's skip when we had lunch. At lunch I got my grilled
chess. It's been sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo long since
I had this melt meal. At Lunch I talk to Ari how was very nice and
talk a lot. And it was start to rain so we went inside to play. Inside
recess was not really my favorite thing. It because were here all
crap. But that aside we played a game called war. Where you have
cards and see how have the most. The whole Holo group played and Eli
and Julien played with us to. For our last class in home room, we
were going to do Grammar. We learn about verb and how there important
in a story. After that we got a Grammar worksheet and went to
science. Today we learn about mixtures, by adding gravel and clay
power. And we learn about solution by mixing salt and water. After
that it was the end of the day.

Sun 11/25/2018 
--------------
It's Sunday and here is today entry. In the morning around eight 
Faye and I played Splatoon 2. Faye was first to play, but Andrew just
played for her because she was to scared to play agent mode. Agent
mode is a mode that you're an agent and you have to save the
Zapfishes and the Great Zapfishes. When it was my turn I wasn't that
scared like Faye. When I was done we turn off the Nintendo, and Andrew
went to take a nap. Later in the afternoon, I was doing my Javascript
to go to Brains and Noble. Faye had to do her also. After Faye and I
were done Dad couldn't take us to B and N because Andrew couldn't come
and Dad had to get a haircut and new glasses. So Mom toke us with
I had this melt meal. At Lunch I talk to Ari how was very nice and
talk a lot. And it was start to rain so we went inside to play. Inside
recess was not really my favorite thing. It because were here all
crap. But that aside we played a game called war. Where you have
cards and see how have the most. The whole Holo group played and Eli
and Julien played with us to. For our last class in home room, we
were going to do Grammar. We learn about verb and how there important
in a story. After that we got a Grammar worksheet and went to
science. Today we learn about mixtures, by adding gravel and clay
power. And we learn about solution by mixing salt and water. After
that it was the end of the day.

Sun 11/25/2018 
--------------
It's Sunday and here is today entry. In the morning around eight 
Faye and I played Splatoon 2. Faye was first to play, but Andrew just
played for her because she was to scared to play agent mode. Agent
mode is a mode that you're an agent and you have to save the
Zapfishes and the Great Zapfishes. When it was my turn I wasn't that
scared like Faye. When I was done we turn off the Nintendo, and Andrew
went to take a nap. Later in the afternoon, I was doing my Javascript
to go to Brains and Noble. Faye had to do her also. After Faye and I
were done Dad couldn't take us to B and N because Andrew couldn't come
and Dad had to get a haircut and new glasses. So Mom toke us with
her. Our first stop was at a Hmong store where we got rice and some
coconut juices. The second place was Goodwill, and over there we got
some clothes. We were there for one hour. The final stop was Winco

where we got water and some snacks. And then we went home.

Sat 11/24/2018
--------------
It Saturday, and today was just mostly Andrew, Mom, and Dad sleeping.
So Faye and I was the only one up. In the morning when Andrew was
awake, him and I both got cereal. But after that he went back to
sleep. In the afternoon when Dad was awake we how to do Javascript to
get internet on the Nintendo. After that we had to upgrade it. And it
took 2 hours! After the upgrade we only got to play for 5 minutes.

Fri 11/23/2018 
--------------
Itsssssssssssss Friday! So here the entry. In the morning we played
BOTW. And in BOTW we found the Master Sword also know "The Sword that
Seal the Darkness". But Andrew die 1 time. But Mom took us to three
goodwills. At the first one Andrew and I got game board. At the next
one it was boring as normal so I just forgot. And at the next one we
went to Walmart. Will only Andrew did. And then after we went home.
When we got home we played more of BOTW.

Thu 11/22/2018 
--------------
Today Faye and I are still on Thanksgiving week, and today the our
family went to a Hmong New Year. At the Hmong New Year the first thing
we got to eat was ribs. When we got the ribs Mom went to get some pork
for Faye, Andrew, and I to eat. When we got the ribs we start to eat
the food we got. After we were done we decide to walk around the
place. At one point Faye got a funnel cake while I enjoy an shave
rice. Mom told us to sit in the big build while she gets a red drinks.
When she got her stuff we ate our treats.int Faye got a funnel cake
while I enjoy an shave ice. Mom told us to sit in the big build while
she gets a red drinks. When she got her stuff we ate our treats. Faye
was have a little trouble of finishing her cake. Before leaving, Mom
bought oranges. Also around six went to Best Buy to try to get
Splatoon 2. But when we couldn't hide it we went to Walmart. And we
found it there. And went home. Okay here is what happen on Wednesday
and Thursday. On Wednesday all we did was lazies around doing
nothing. But when Mom can home we went to Goodwill. And after what
seem like forever went home, but on Thursday was more fun. On
Thursday Delyeah, Dillyn, Daisy, and Dallas came to have fun with us.
In the morning we just played roblox. But we also made brownie, and
Andrew told me that it was only the Hmong and him, so I just went to
watch Faye played roblox. Also we played BOTW and Arms. In BOTW Dillyn
tried to defeat the Dived Beast. But need Andrew's help. Dillyn broke
like 5 bows! And ways in the afternoon we played roblox. We made a
fort around night. But They had to go home around nine.

Mon 11/19/2018 
--------------
It's Monday and this week is Thanksgiving week! Today wasn't exciting
as Sunday and Saturday, because Dad took the controllers for the
switch. Darn you Dad! So in the morning Faye was in the living room
do nothing and Andrew was sleeping in, while try to hide the laptop
from day. Mom went to work earlier in the morning. When Dad left we
just stayed home. All I did was listen to music when Faye and Andrew
hangout. When Dad came home for lunch we did some Javascript. I did
30 minutes or more to get internet. But dad had to leave to go back
to work. And he told me if I was done I could text him. But when I did
he didn't replay back. Darn you again Dad! So I went to sleep. When I
woke up around four I did my journal.

Sun 11/18/2018 
--------------
It's Sunday and it was another day of no school. So in the morning as
normal we played LOZ: BOTW. This time we reach to the Zora people
which were half fish and half human. When the time was done we had
breakfast that was chicken soup with rice. Also in the morning I stay
in my room to watch videos on my phone. And around 11 Mom shown me how
to peel a pomegranate and how to take out the seeds. In the afternoon
I ask Dad if I can get internet. And he told me to do some Javascript.
Today I learn how to make a cat face. When I was done I got my
internet on the laptop. My Internet time was up  around the same time Dad went to teach Andrew how to drive while Mom, Faye and I stay home.
When they came back Mom toke Andrew and Faye to Goodwill and Dad was
going somewhere so when he left I was going to be alone.

Sat 11/17/2018 
--------------
Today is Saturday! Today was a roller coaster! In the morning Andrew,
Faye and I play LOZ: BOTW( Legend Of Zelda: Breath of the Wild). I
think I forgot to tell what its about. So its about a boy name Link,
how woke up in  a kind of temple. Its been 100 years since he was last
awoken. He learn that he was the princess'(Zelda) appointed knight.
And that he has to free the Divide Beast and finds he lost memories.
Yesterday Andrew killed the monster called "Wind Blight Ganon". And we
met the Rito Champion,  Revali, who was very sassy. Today in BOTW we
save a dragon from Ganon eyeballs things. And Andrew got killed by a
bear. Time skip to afternoon, Mother came home a I was ready to go to
Brans and Noble. Over there they were doing a Harry Potter day. Faye
had gotten a balloon. They only thing I read there is comics.( I
forgot to put where we went to Costco, so here it is) Before Brans and
Noble we all went to Costco to grab food to eat. While over there mom
got me two pairs of socks. And we also got food from the food court.
Okay, back to Barns and Nobles. As I was saying... We got a vanilla
bean. When I got a sip, I went to check out the toys. About two hours
later Mom and Andrew came after get shakes. And then we went home to
just stay up a little longer.

Fri 11/16/2018 
--------------
Today we had no school today, because of the smoke . In the
morning Andrew had finished Deltarune. Deltarune is a sequel to
Undertale. Which lead up to Chara take over Kristy's body. Also in the
morning Dad went to Little Tokyo. But before he did, he gave us the
Nintendo Switch. While we had Andrew killed the Dived Beast and we
went on to find a memory. We got the memory before the game was about
to quit. And for breakfast we had noodles. And the rest of the day was
just me staying in my room. And at night Dad brought a banana sweets.

Thu 11/15/2018 
--------------
Yah. Another day of school. Okay here we go, in class today we did our
Grammar test. It was easy and partly hard. After I was done and Haylie
and Natyalie, we did our Pixar poster presentation. But some of the
kids were still taking the test, so we went to the Pod. After that
when it was math(since I forgot what happen after that). In Math did
more of dividing of fractions. When it was recess I played a little of
cards with other people. After that we did some Social Studies review.
After we got that done and over with, we went to lunch. I got my order
and went to my table. Before lunch was over, everyone heard a pop
noise and everyone made a big deal of it. When no one told the true,
we all got put on beach. So when everyone went back to class we all
got told to go to our seat. When Mrs. Langley we did out presentation.
After that we pack up and went to Mr. H room. Today we learn about
Mixtures. But it was a short day so we didn't get to finished. And we
also got cupcakes.

Wed 11/14/2018 
--------------
Another day of school with the smoke still here. In the morning we did
homework check and Haylie and I did lunch count. When we were done
with we did another test that was vocab. After that I was done we went
and did our plot poster. But at 9:25 I had to go to groups. Today at
groups it was not normal. Today we read a poem and I forgot what else
we did. When we got back to class we learn how to do a new skill with
fractions. When it was recess time my friends and I decided to draw.
Me and my group finished our poster and then we did Social Studies. We
did a page in the book for review. After that we went to lunch and I
got my order and sat down. When we got called to go back to class for
recess, I draw again. I forgot what happen what happen next sooo...On
to when did something I remember. In the afternoon we learn about two
tools to helps us learn. After that it was the end of the day.

Tue 11/13/2018 
--------------
Another day of school and it was as normal as ever. Except the smoke
form Paradise  
that came on Friday. In the morning we were told to head to class
first thing as the bell ring. But most of the students went to walk
and the school had to get everyone in class. Today we got a sub and
his name was Mr. Hine. The first thing we did was take a test on the
chrome books on Wonder. When I finished we got to do two things that
were vocab study and research. I went on a did vocab study. At 9:25
went to groups. When we got back we did math. But we did something
new. Instead of taking notes we did a little game of math murder. I
have trouble on questions here and there but got the right answer in
the end. From my class mets.After we got our answer we went to recess
but stay inside because we there was smoke. In class Brian, Haylie
,and  Natliya with me draw. After recess was over we did Social
Studies by making a poster with all the facts that we learn. After
that we went to lunch. I got my order and sat down. After we ate we
went back to class to do our recess. At indoor recess me and my friend
draw again. After recess was over we did our Pixar plot poster. After
that we clean up and pack up to go to Science. At Science we did
Jeporday. And after that we went home.



Mon 11/12/2018 
--------------
Colddddd. This is Monday entry and I'm, sorry for not doing Sunday
entry. And this is a night 10:02 pm. Okay in the morning I forgot what
happen but that I ate noodles this for breakfast. At around 12 I went
to sleep and woke up at four something. When I woke up Mom told me to
get ready because we were going to the bank to make Andrew an bank
ancount. But when we got there the bank was close and we went to 99
`cent store. Over there we got ton of stuff. After that we went to
Goodwill because there was a sale of 50% off. Will we were there, we
met Aunt Ker. It took my like two hours to get ready to go. But I got
some new clothes too. After we check out we went home.

Sat 11/10/2018 
--------------
Here we go on what happen on Saturday. On Saturday afternoon Dad went
to a meet up at San Jose in the Bay area. In the mean while I was
doing my Monday entry (because I didn't do it on Monday.). When I was
done I went on and got ready to leave, for Andrew was getting his new
80s glass(because he want to look old and wise.) When we got ready we
ate breakfast( while expect Andrew). When we got in the car we went on
to the place where we were going to get Andrew's new glass. When we
got there we wait till they call out Andrew name and give him his new
glass. When we got OUR glass it took about ten minutes. But Andrew
only took only like three minutes to get his glasses. After we got our
glasses, we went to see if Delyeah was home. But when we got there no
one was home except Uncle Meng. But when we rang the door bell he was
asleep. Faye was about to cry because no one was home, so we got in
the car and went to a Hmong store and she stop crying . While we were
there I got Hot Cheetos, Faye got mini donuts, and Andrew got coconut
water. Once we paid for our snacks we went to Goodwill, and it was so
boring I forgot everything that happen. After that we went home.
 
Fri 11/09/2018 
--------------
Okay! One more day till the weekend! And here the report for school.
This morning we did Grammar quiz and four of the students went to do
glee for their play. So after most of the students was done for the
quiz we went to the play. Over there we hear songs from movies. After
the play went to class and went back to work. Back in class we did our
Pixar plot. Only me and Haylie did the plot. When we had to clean up
it was time to go to lunch. I didn't get what I want it because they
where getting use to the three choices. And we had to sit outside.
When we went to recess we played freeze tag again. After recess we
went back to class to clean up and get ready for the library. At the
library we read a story and read OUR books. And when we got back to
class we read poem and pack up and went home. But when we got out of
school, there was smoke. Me and Faye got home as soon as we can
because we didn't want the smoke going in our lungs. Once at home we
were greeted by Andrew. Once at home we played on Google but it was
mostly Andrew and Faye. While that happen I made a temps to get in
Andrew's room but fail. At around 5 o'clock we start to play with
Luna, but it was mostly Andrew. At six Mom came home and cook us
dinner. She also bought ice cream. Dad got back at seven. 

Thu 11/08/2018 
--------------
Two more day till the Weekend is here! Still doing that count down is
here the report of today, as normal we did our DPE and correct it ,
then bring it home on Thursdays. And after that we did must do and go
to groups. Blah blah blah, okay! Now on to math, in math we wrote down
what we did on the chart yesterday. After that we did work in a work
sheet and put in our notebook. After we finished(only one finish and
it was Haylie) At recess Haylie, Nataliya,Ariana, Brian, and I wait
till Tatyana came out , and it took the whole flipping recess to get
her thing, Once back in class we did our Pixar plot. My group finally
got to the poster but we had to clean up for lunch. At lunch I got my
hot dog and sat at the were the Holo group was. At one point we got
up for something. But only the table I was At. Ask Haylie want was
going on she told me were getting a award because our table was ready
when the bell for the 2nd and 3rd grader recess was done. After we got
that done we line up for recess. At recess Tate and Ari ( Tatyana and
Ariana for short) So I was with Haylie, Nataliya, and Brian. So we
played freeze tag and I was it. When back to class we did some review
on what we learn about Grammar so far. After that we went and clean up
and pack up for Science. In Science we did our test and Mr. H said we
can do unfinished work if we finished. And then after that it was the
end of the day.

Wed 11/07/2018 
--------------
Three more days till Weekend! so that means it Wednesday! Okay here what
happen today. Today at school we did our DPE. After DPE it was time
for group. Again, I told you why we go there. After group and our
return to the class room it was time for math. Today we learn how to
know when a number is less, greater, or equal. After that we were told
to get ready for recess. At recess we played tag but this time was I
just watch. Back in class we read a little of our book called Tuck
Everlasting. After that we went to go to do our plot. The whole class
watch their videos and then they write what happen. My group go to
event 3 when it was time for lunch. At lunch 21 of the class want
breakfast But only two got that and the other got the other choices.
At recess after being dismiss, we play state tag. After recess and in
class we did grammar. After grammar it was PE. We ran three laps and
a extra one. After we did warm up and then went home.

Tue 11/06/2018 
--------------
It's Tuesday! That mean four more day till the weekend is here. While
I doing a count down you can find out what happen at school. Today at
school we did DPE and the theme for this one was baseball. After
correcting it was time for group and I went at 9:25 am. I think I
told you why we go there so on to math. I math we did Compare, add,
subtract, and times. Then we went on to SAB to do practice about this
new unit. If we're done with the main one we would go on to page 86
and 88. When it was time for recess we played tag again like we
do everyday. After recess it was time for social studies. We did some
review for a test. We review by getting a paper and read our book and
write down what was important. After that it was time for lunch. Today
I order pizza but didn't eat it, my friends said it was bad an ways.
At recess we played Mom fox. When it was time to go to class we watch
a short Pixar film. We did this to learn a plot. After few minutes we
had to clean up and pack up for science. We got there just in time for
science. In science we learn how to try to read weather maps and learn
how meteorologist read the weather. We did a few question and read a
map. After we put everything away because it was time to go home for
school

Mon 11/05/2018 
--------------
Here the makeup for Journal entry Monday because I didn't do it on
Monday, so it on Saturday. ( P.S dad is force me to do it his way.) At
school we got our DPE, it was base on Baseball. A few minutes later
after we corrected we went to the award assembly. I got the lowest in
GPE and Faye got the highest. Mom and Dad wasn't there but I got use
to it.  After the assembly we went back to class and did math. In math
we learned more about fractions. At recess we just played tag as
normal.  And I was it. Back in the class we did social studies but I
forgot what we learn. So got my lunch order and went to sit with the
Holo group. At recess Ari and Tate went to play with other people. So
I was left with Halyie, Nataliya, and Brian. We didn't know what to
play so we just talk about Ari and Tate playing with the boys in our
class and other stuff . When the bell rang for recess to end we went
to class. I forgot what happen after that so were just going to say
that we went home.

Sun 11/04/2018 
--------------
 Good Night journal!? No I mean it like dark and stuff. This morning
was the same as yesterday, but Mama and Dada went to poker and got
home at four. And in the morning I only did two chores which were
taking out the trash and wash the dish. The only reason I did it was
to go to Brians and Nobles. My favorite place. Andrew, Faye, and I was
ready but, Dad was take his sweet, sweet time.; When dad finally
ready, It was time to go to B and N. The only reason I go there is
because to read manga. Dad left to read and while he was gone, we read
books. We got bored of read so we deiced to walk around. The first
stop was Bath and Body works, we bought some hand sanitizer and try
some soap. The next place was 

Sat 11/03/2018 
--------------
Yay! It's Saturday and the weekend has began! In the morning the only
ones awake was me and Faye. We played ACNL( Animal Crossing New
Leaf.). A while later Mom woke up and start to fold the clothes while
me and Faye played. At 12 I went to sleep and I don't why so don't ask
me, ask my mind why. I woke up at five pm. I ate some snacks and play
on the laptop. At six o'clock Andrew, Faye, and I played a game call
braetha of the wild. Andrew and Faye did ever thing will I just sat
down and watch. We got internet form Mom and Dad because they went to
poker. I got internet on the phone and watch videos.

Fri 11/02/2018 
--------------
It Friyay, so let shout horry because I survive another week on school.
Okay here what happen at school today. I the Morning we had our
braekfest party for the first trimaster. I got bacon, harshbrown, and
bagle. While we were eating, we were also doing our poem. Mrs.
Langely went around to find people how want to do first. After the
people how vollturn, Mrs. Langely pull sticks. I want my friends to go
first for sticks. After we had braekfest, it was time to do math. In
math we learn about the proteviess. After we did math it was time for
recess. We all just played tag again, but the person how was it didn't
see any of us. Back in the calssroom we read till it was lunch. I read
a 5th grade book call The Unwanted: Island of Fire. Before lunch we
clean up and pack up because when we come back we go home. At lunch it
was going to be the harvest feviselt, so everyone had to sat outside.
I grab my fishsticks and sat with my friends. I talked about wings of
fire to one of them till we got to go to recess. At recess we just
ttalk about stuff like just random stuff. When the bell rang it was
time to go to the classroom and go home. We grab our back pack and
went home exiteced for the weekend was finally here and we can have a
break.

Thu 11/01/2018 
--------------
When I got home from school, to my suprise. Mom and Dad were home.
This was rare to see Mom and Dad home same time( Expect after work.)
back to the story, But it wasn't to long before Daddy had to leave
agian. We where going to costco to get my bars, but before that we had
to eat. While Faye want to. Mom made sis noodle and I and Andrew wait.
While wait I ate our left over candy from Hallow. After that off we
went to costco. At costco Mom show the guy in front the ENTRANCE door.
I ask her why and she told me that it a memeber ship. I thought that
was stupid and dumb. While we were seacher for our bars we pick up
some other things. After we got my bars, Mom pay while Andrew got us
hotdogs and drinks. When that part of my life was done we went to
Caziro to get Faye and I glasses. It was so cool get our glasses
because I can see clearier then before, after give us care and our
case, we went to the Mall. We went to the Mall because Mom need her
glass fix. She told me and the other two to go walk around. Five
mintuse later Mom was finished. Then our last stop was home. JK! We
went to leyha house. The only reáson was because uncle Hmong was
having a BQQ. At leyha house we played games like Mom foxs and green
light and red light. At night we were play street fighter. I told Dad
to vs Leyha. And he won. Later we had to go home and we said our
good-byes.
 

Wed 10/31/2018 

--------------
At school today it was my confrance. Over there Mrs. Langely told my
Dad how My grades are fine and how I'm doing in school. After she told
my Dad that Dad went home and I went on the blacktop to walk around.
When the day actual started the frist thing we did was writing our
fall peom. We had to rewrite the peom and color a picture. After that
it was math time. In math we learn how to do an inproper fractions.
And at recess I played family tag with my friends. Back in the class
we did a thing called book tasteing. Where you go to a type of book
and look though it. We had to stop after 30 minutes to clean up and
pack up. After that we went to lunch. At lunch I just sat down and ate
my chiken patty sandwitch. At recess I just played state tag. When we
got back to the class room we were ready to go.


Tue 10/30/2018 
--------------
Hi Journal, let's get this done and over with. At school the first
thing we did was our across poem. Across poem is a poem but the word
go up and down and you have to write the words that go with the words.
Our word was WRITE. After we got done that we went ahead and did math.
In math we learn how to time to fractions and simplify before time.
After some review we did some in SAB. All the problem was easy. At
recess time I didn't play family as usual, some one in class and sick
so I deiced to her  a letter to get better. I finished just in time to
go back to class. This is from earlier. Before we did math we did a
little review for our test. Back when we got in class we did our
project hang with the president. The president I got was George HW
Bush. We didn't get because we had to go home. We clean up and pack
earlier so were ready. 

Mon 10/29/2018 
--------------
Hi again Journal, I'm tell you what happen at school today and man,
was it crazy. In the morring went to snice class. We study air purst
and how this happen in the real world. This is wried because we have
snice on Tuesdays and Thursdays. After were finish we went back to
class to do math eraly. Today in math we learn how to time a unit
fraction. Math was the same and after math we went to recess. One
thing that didn't change at less. At recess My friends and I played
family tag. I hide in the far back so no one could see me. After
recess we got a opion paper that has some thing to do the next story
we were reading. I forgot want had happen after we did that so... on
to lunch recess. At lunch I got my order and sat down. At recess time
me and my friends played state tag. I was it and I chase one person
for a periode of time. After that we had to clean up and pack up. We
had a few more minutes in the class so we did words for a peoms. And
nat the end of the day we left. By theyway Journal we had this werid
day because it was student confrance. So yeah that it for today. Bye 
Journal.

Mon 10/29/2018 
--------------
Okay Okay, I knew that I was sppuose to do you yesterday. But I go to
type want happen on Sunday. In the moring we got ready to go to San
Fracisco because it was the last day we would have the reatle car. So
when we have gotten reády we got in the car and went to SF. After 20
minutes driveing, Faye, Andrew, and I went to sleep because we were so
bored. A hour and hálf  Faye had woke me up, because we were almost
atj
the golden gate briged. Actual no. Were going on the new briged before
the old one. When we actual go there we saw the bay and staute of some
guy that was in the Navy. After looking around we walk on the side of
the bridge. I made sure I was in the head of my family. But at one
poinet Faye got cold because of her shorts. I was so mad but we went
back to the car. Mom told us that we were going home. So yeah it was
that and it was boring.


Fri 10/26/2018 
--------------
Hello Journal, I'm tell you want happen to school today again. At
school today we did the usally routine, of the begging of the day.
Witch is give unfinshed work, doing DPE, and on Fridays, renew books
or runter them. After DPE we got time to do must dos, because of
groups. Groups were for reading, math, and level readers. On Monday
through Thursday I go to groups.( I finshed my level reader dad, and
confrance is on 31.) When groups was over, it was math time and people
were comeing back from groups. In math we learn how to do something
with fratctions. After we did a few prombles, we went to do more in
the SAB. It was easy and a few minutes later it was recess. My friends
and I played family tag again. At the end of recess and in class we
did a game that I forgot. When lunch came we all line up and go. I had
order fish sticks today and sat down. When recess roll by, I played
tag for awaly with all my friends. Then two had to go out and I was
left with Hailye, Taliy, and Brian. We talk about how the other tow
Tatey and Ari awalys play with the boys in our class now. This is from
befor lunch what had happen eralier. After recess we head back to
class to do art. Okay back to after lunch. After lunch we went to
class and toke a quiz that had ten questions. It was tricky and when I
was almost finish we went to the libray. In the libray we finish our
book and seacher for ours. I already had book called the " Unwanted:
Island of Fire." After some kids got their book we had to class. In
class we got more time to finished out quiz and I finished my. Then
Mrs. Langely told us to clean up and make up for the end of the day.
But before we went it was someones Brithday and he broght cupcake.

Tue 10/23/2018 
--------------
Good afternoom Journal. Today I'm going to tell you what happen at
school. So at school today we did DPE, same story as yesterday. After
doing DPE, we had group today for level reader. I had a group and two
new stundents were going to join me. At group we read our level
reader, normally it would take two days, but it took one. It was math
time when group was done and today we had specil guests to look how we
did math. When math was over we were all glad because today lesson was
tricky. At recess me and my friends talk until the bell ring. When we
got back to class to do social studies we had to get our books. Today
we were wrap the chapter of the lesson. We only need to do two
question and we had some free time to do other things. When it was
time for lunch we got ready and go, today I order pizza, but didn't
ate it. Insted I ate an apple for lunch. When it was time to go to
recess we play mokeny in the middle, and I was the monkey in the
middle today. But at the end of recess we played family tag and it was
fun. Back  in the class room we did ELA posstive nouns. Then we got a
a work sheet for our homework with math. We had to clean up and pack
up for we had since class today. In since we had learn that air and
water both work the same way and how there air purist. At the end we
watch a vidoe of what we cover today. And then the bell rang.


Mon 10/22/2018 
--------------
Hi Journal, it school ptt. It was just another school day but I'm
going to tell you anyways. So at school today we Got a sub. His name
was Mr. Browing. Some of us thought his name was Mr. Brownine, like
the sweet. But he told us if we couldn't say it we could call him Mr.
B. Today was the mile run, because Mrs. Langely had to do gradeing.
We had to do 3 laps around Firestone Park, the time I got was 15:55 or
14:55. When we were done we had to go back to class, on the way some
students ask Mrs. Langely if were going to do our dance unit. She told
us that we didn't have a engouh time to do it. When we got back to
class we DPE, This week was The Lion, the witch, and the wardorbe. It
about were girl name Lucy how found a wardorbe and in the back was a
magical world. After doing DPE, we went starting math. In math the
frist thing we did was answer a question. But when we had answer Mr. B
called up like 20 students up to the borad to answer it. So after we
got that out of the way, we did work in out SAB. After I got it all
done it was time for recess. At recess my friends and I played tag.
Faye came and played and we let her join. When recess ended it was
over, we went to math group to add and subtract three fractions with
ndiffernt denimoter, one of them had to do with negitave. After math
group it was time for lunch. At lunch I order nugget for lunch. At
recess we played tag and monkey in the middle. When it was time for EL
we did EQ and voacb. Before we went home Mrs. Langely pass out poems
for a student. We all clean up and pack and went on with our day.

nSat 10/20/2018 
--------------
Today when I woke up Mom and Faye was getting ready for the doctor
visit for her cheek. Mom woke up Dad to get ready. When they got ready
they went off and left me and Andrew alone in the house. The first
thing I did was watch videos on my phone. At 10:00 o'clock I played
animal crossing new leaf. Today a new shop open and it was a salon.
When Mom, Dad, and Faye came back Faye bought a sushi candy maker. I
didn't knew had to make sushi back the end rustle was a big zero. I
was tried so I went to bed and read a few pages in my book. When I
woke up Andrew told me that we would go to Barnes and Noble. But
instead we went to Goodwill. At Goodwill Mom only shop while Faye,
Andrew, and I was look around. When we got home, I asked Dad if we can
go to Barnes and Noble. He said I had to do my Journal first
thought.So here I'm typing in my journal. I had write more line Dad
said so here want also happen today. Remember when I said when a new
shop open in animal crossing. Yeah while the owner did a horrible job.
She ask me some stupid question and did a brown ponytail. I hate it
but she would only do one style per day. So to stop think of the hair
style I simple close the game. When Faye got back she did her new
look and got it right. She bragged a said how good it was. I was ready
to just kick her. And Dad wants me to now do 24 lines in my Journal.
I love my Dad because his the coolest Dad in the world.
e

Fri 10/19/2018 
--------------
Hello Journal, today was normal day as usual. At school this morning
we did DPE. This week was how to build a sand castle. It told you the
steps of how to make a sand castle. After we did that we took our
grammar quiz about plural nouns and collective ones. The quiz was
fairly simple all you need to do was to make the nouns plural and
something else. After that we had to do Must dos and we didn't have
internet so if we need something on the internet we had to wait. I had
to do a travel guide on Phantom Tollbooth, for we finish the book.
When it time for recess Mrs. Langely told us to stay in if we had late
work not turn in. I was one of the ones how got their work done and
turn in time. At recess my friends and I went on the hills as we usual
do. On the hill today we saw a dog. The dog run in to the soccer field
and we all thought it was a stray. The yard duty told us to stay away
form the dog. Me and friends were all dog people so we felt pity on
the tiny dog. When recess was over we went back to class. In the
classroom we did social studies. We had to write how one group was
differ from another group how both came from England. If you were
done you could read or do must dos. When lunch roll by Mrs. Langely
told us to watch for because people reading ranging went up. At lunch
I order fish sticks and sat down with my friends. At recess we didn't
see Mrs. Langely so we played tag. When we did see Mrs. Langely we
said good bye to two of our friends how reading raging didn't go up.
Our treat was popsicles. When we finished our treat we had to go back
to recess. So we get to see our friends again. When it was time to go
back we had time to catch up on work before we went to the library. I
work on my travel guide. When it was time to go to the library we had
to get our book. At the library we read a book and check out books.
When we got back to the classroom we clean up and pack up.

Wed 10/17/2018 
--------------
Hi Journal, today I am going to tell you want happen at school. In the
morning we did our star reading test to get new G.E. When we were done
eraly we had to do Must do. At 9:25 I had to go to groups. I was in
Mrs. P and how to do level reader. When it was time to go, We had to
go ELA. Are comp skill was sequen. We learn about Lucy Barrens who
study plants and collect over 12,000 plants. This time we didn't write
down when Mrs. Langely did we did it after. But I just write down when
she did. If were done we did brochure. I finshed mine so I read my
libray book. When it was time to go to recess Mrs. Langely told us
kids that didn't finish work must stay in. At recess me and my friends
went on the hill and played there. Faye was a smart cool guy

Sun 10/14/2018 
--------------
Yesterday, me and my family went to Orville for the Hmong new year.
When we got their the park in lot was full. Dad park where it LOOK
like a car can't come out. Mom was worried but Dad told her it was
fine. When we got in Mom gave me and Andrew money to buy Boba drinks.
Mom gave us 20 each, and off we went. We were in line for like 30
minutes. When we answer Andrew got a purple drink, I got coconut, and
Faye got honey dew. When we did our order we got number 59. It took
forever to get our drinks. Andrew said that he saw some charms earlier
and see if I want to check it out to see if I want any. Unfortunately
they had no charms I like. Two hours later we got our drinks which
took forever. When we got to Mom, Dad and Faye were nowhere to be
seen. Andrew and I went and look for them. We went all around the
place looking for them. When we got to Mom I ask here if they told
them where they were going. She told us they went to the park and I
and Andrew went there. We found them and Dad went back to Mom. So
Andrew had to watch me and Faye. I sat down playing with the bark. A
little later Andrew told me we had to go. We called Faye and we went
back to Mom and Dad. Mom order her food and we went to eat at the dam.
When we got there was saw a big dam, it remind me of a water slide. We
ate at a bench. I only eat one sausage and some rice. I played with
rocks. Before we go I made a M for Maxine. On the way home I sleep on
the whole way. 

Sat 10/13/2018 
--------------
Hello journal, i'll you what happen at school yesterday. At school we
did the usal unpack and do must do, at math -because I can't remmber
anything else in the morring.- In math we review our ,math. I need to
work on regrouping. After we did reviw we move on to taking notes. We
took notes on how to do answer to math promble. After we tooks our
notes we did some on a piece of paper. When math was over it was time
recess. At recess I just walk with my friends. When we go back to
class we had to finish our social studies asesmegt. When I was done I
to lunch. Ate lunch I got my fish sticks and sat down to ate. When we
were sent to play I just walk around again. When we got back to the
classroom I had to do my Phantoom tollbooth brouch. When I did the
frist page it was time to go to the libray. At the libray Mrs. Heller
read a stroy and lets pick our books. When we got back to the class it
was time to go home.

--------------
Good day joural, it been a week last time I did a entry. I'll tell you
what happen at school yesterday. It was cloudy and the sky was
gray. When we went to class we did DPE. When we were done with DPE we
did ELA because we had a sub and Mrs. Langely rather did ELA with
herself instaed of a sub. In ELA we learn about problem and souvtion.
After ELA, we went to recess. At recess I play with my friend were
they got their shoes all dirty. After recess we when we all went
inside Mrs. Langely pass out our Soical Studies test. The test had
over 30 question! Mrs. Langely told us want to do and ask her if we
have any question. When she start I did all the mutiple choses
questions. After all the mutiple choses I did BASE question. The first
mutiple question took so long it was time to go to lunch. At lunch I
order chiken patty sandwich. At recess we went and did walk and talk.
At one point it stop spirklen and we get to play. When we got back
from recess we went back and contutine our test. When we had to give
our test we I got to question 30. Mrs. Langely said we'll countine on
Friday. Today we went to Since agian because we didn't have school on
Thursday. In Since we did a game for evaporaition. After we did that
we went back to class. This was eraly but we did our math quiz. In
class we did our tradeing card. When it was the ending of the day we
clean up and pack up.


Fri 09/28/2018 
--------------
Hello Journal, sorry I haven't type in here for so long. Today at
school in the classroom we had to take an online test about ships. The
ship use in the story were clipper and steam ships. At one point Josh
mother check if he was okay and it scared me because I was so focus .
Then a few minutes later there a lock down drill. When the lock down
was over we went back to the test. When it was time for math we learn
how to change decimal to fractions. The it was time for the retake and
half of the class went to Mr. Q. I was one how had to take the retake.
When the other got back from Mr. Q it was time for recess. At recess I
went to the hill. When we got back I had one more question to finish.
I forgot want happen after recess so were going to skip to lunch. At
lunch I order fish stick. When our table got dismiss I went on the
hill. On the hill I ran down and dig holes. When recess was over we
didn't go to class went to since and toke our test about the unit.
After since was over we went to the library because next was the book
fair. At the library we watch a video for some book we might see at
the book fair. After the video we went and check out book because the
library won't do that after the book fair is over. When we finally
 got
back to class we clean up and pack up because it was time to got home.

Mon 09/24/2018 
--------------
In school at the frist thing we did was P.E, we ran three laps and
played volley ball. At volley ball we I only play one round and sat
out. After P.E when we went back to class we did DPE. When we got that
done we did math. In math we learn how to trun decimals to fractions.
Half way through math we did a espace a room. My team got stuck on
level one. When it was recess time me and my friend play on the hill.
After recess and in the libray we lrean that we were are go to get
groups. In our groups we well do art,games, and other fun stuff. At
lunche we got new rules. The rules were that fitih graned well get to
go throw thrash anytime we want , and that if your tabel is good
you'll get to choese your spot. At recess we did a comdey to see who
act was funneir. When we got back to class we did a bookreport paper
to see what you'll be grand on. When we got through the inctroues we
learn how to do a atougirghly sketch. Then we read The Phatoam
Toolbooth because would be out in ten minutes. Before we went home we
got cupcakes. When we got out side I went and wait for Faye to come
out.But she didn't came out for a while. After that I look for her.
I look for her in the libray and her classroom. I went to check the
libray agian and THIS time she was her. I told her  not to do it
again,

Tue 09/18/2018 
--------------
At school we did D.P.E. When anyone was done with that we had to take
the wonder test. Mrs. Langely said her and the other 5th graned
teacher shorten the test. After I was done I went on to do my mystery
grachi. When I just it was time to check DPE. After we check
it was time for math. For homework we had to do page 33-36. I did it
when it we check in time. When we were done it was time for recess. At
recess one of my friend stayed in the classroom to do homework, so a
recess I just talk to my other friends. We talk about a girl name Sue.
After recess in class we did more perstion for invertor. Whe we got
that out  the way we did social studies. In social studies we leran
about three new explores. When it was time for lunch we were last
because we were to loud and there was a mess. When we fianl got there
I just sat down and talk. When it was time for recess I play on the
hill. When we got back it was EL and time to leran new vocab words.
Later we clean up and pack up for since. At since we leran about how
water voper can turn back to liqud from.

Mon 09/17/2018 
--------------
Today at school everyone in the classroom had to pick a new sit. After
that everyone start to do there D.E.P, in the middle of it we got a
call that we had to go to the libray. In the libray we had to do a
look and listen test. After that when we went back in the classroom we
corrcet our D.E.P., when we were done with that we did math. Today
math was were easy, all we had to do was do seven prombles. After math
went all went to recess. At recess we talk. Back in class we had math
group. We all got spilt from our tickets. In my math group we had to
do divres. When we all back from math groups it was time for lunch. At
lunch I sat do and and ate. I gotten chicken nugget today. At recess
it was someone brithday and they got ballons. One the ballon fly away
we all stared at it. When it was time to go back to class we took a
test on WONDER. When I got on the  fith question it was the end of the
day.

Sat 09/15/2018 
--------------
Yesterday at school we took two tests which were grammar and DPE (
Daily Paper Editing). Mrs. Langely said we could do the test any
order. When I was done I went and did my inventor slides. Today we were
suppose to present but we were going do that on Monday, you will see
way. When everyone was done with there test they went on their slides.
But thing happen like everyone background getting change, one point
all the slides got delete. When everyone slide got delete got crazy.
Mrs. Langely clam everyone done and got all the slide back. Everyone
was glad they got there slide back, but it happen again. This time
Mrs. Langely told us to get off. When we all got off we it was time
for math. We play on a website called Kahoot were you pick a subject
and play it. I didnt like but I still played. When it was time for
recess some kid for reading level going up were getting a party.
The party was bubble. After recess were done we played more of
kahoot, but we did LA. After that we read The Phantom Toolbooth. When
it was for lunch we got ready. In the lunch room there was talking
and talking. I order fish stick. When we got outside we did a conste
were you spin. No one won but when we got back to class we had to stay
quite. Everyone was quite and when someone came in we write on
white broad help. Today there was a ambbsle where some one gave us
life advice and did yoyo tricks. When we got back to class we got to
talk. It was almost the end of the day so we clean up and pack up


Thu 09/13/2018 
--------------
In school today we did our daily paper editing, where we editing the
problems in the paper. When anyone was done eraly we could have done
any must do. The must do I was on is the level reader. Everyone got a
differnt story and the week lesson was order of event a person. When
it was time to check the daily paper editing I got a lot of miskten,
after we were done we got more time to do must do. But we had to do a
sitern one, and it was invoter slides. The invoter I got was Louis and
 I frogot his last name. Louis studie in germ and thing like that. He
made a mechian that could kill germ. When I was almost finish with my
slide it was time for recess. At recess Brian could not, because he
need to get work done. So it was me, Haily, and Nataliya. All we did
was walk around. When recess was over and back in the class we did
soical studies. When studies by play a game and learn about explore.
When it was lunch we went to the lunchroom. In the lunch room I order
beef hotdog. Me and my friend talk about something. Taty had a losse
tooth and brought lunch, she couldt eat the lunch so she gave us that.
This it was eraly in math. In math we had a math quiz and quizs didnt
go in the grand book. Back to the story. At recess when we where
dimiss I played with differnt peolpe. When we got to class we went
back to must do. I frogot the rest of the afternoon so, skip to
scicen. In scicen we did at lab test about everpath. When we did that
one we had four tube in four differnt places. Two where in the fridge,
two in the colest, two where at the widow and the last two where
outside. After that we did anthoer lab test that had to do sperd. The
question ask about does it depend how sperad out the water is. After
we did that we went home.

Tue 09/11/2018 
--------------
At school today we were in class we did our normal morring routine,
where we did our daily paper editing. After that we got time to do are
must do. Everyone stared on vocab worksheet. When we were done we got
ready for math, in math we stared did some thing. After we did that we
went out to recess and left our math sutff out. At recess I just talk
to my friends. Back in class after recess we clean off our math stuff
and did soical studies. In soical studies we have to write down info
about expolras. When it was lunch we got ready. In the lunch room
there was talking go on and more talking. When we finally got inside
we play new game call state said. After recess we did grammer. Today
in grammer we did coordidater cojucate. After grammer we went to
scine, in scine we did an test of how the water cyclie works. After we
did that we watch vidoe and then went home.

Mon 09/10/2018 
--------------
cAt school when we got inside we pick new seat for the week. Onec we
pick our seat we started do are daily paper editing, when it was 8:40
am we croceet it. Once we did that we did math. In math today we had
to do estiame wich mean to use a nummber line. We did math early a the
reason way was because today was the students who want to run for
treause and vice president were go to do their speech. Each students
give out a reason way they should be vote. When we got back we did
math and vote one at a time. When math was do I was happy because it
was my least favorite subject. At recess me, Haily, Brian, and
Nataliya just talk for the whole recess. When recess end and when we
went back in the classroom we start to do soical studies. Today we
list facts about  Morco Polo and Colbusm. When we were done we went to
lucch and I ate grill chesee. When we got dimiss for recess Nayaliya
found chalk. Then Brian said we could plau tick tack toe. At first we
did solo, but to many people were playing. Then I said we should do
tame to make it esier. So we all agreed to do team verison. When
recess was done we went back to class and did ELA. In ELA we did are
eq and vocab. After all of that it was time to claen up and pack up
because it was the end of the day.

Sat 09/08/2018 
--------------
Today at 7:53 I and Faye went to Delyeah's because Mom had to go a
furanl. When we got there  Dillyn, Delyaeh, Diasy we all surpise to
see me and Faye again. I took a mintue to let us in, when the open the
door the only one in the living room were Dillyn and Daisy. When I
went to find Delyeah and Dalles they were in their bedroom and Delyeah
play on her iPad. Her Mom woke up, and told her to take Dalles out.
Delyeah broghet her ipad as she took Dalles. When we were all out side
Delyeah told me that she had Minecraft story mode, I ask her if we can
play right now and she said yes. When we played Dillyn want to play to
but Delayeah said no. Dillyn gotten anger and theratne to hit me with
a bat. Later on Dillyn locks him self in the room and cry for a
reason. His Mom had hit him with a fly swater, when Dillyn locks him
self in the room we stared to play solan with dolies. At 1:05 I called
Mom to she why she didnt picks us up, tured out that she frogot about
me and Faye. Then Faye and Delyaeh had an art contast, when they were
done Delyeah ask Faye to teach her how to draw like her. When Mom came
Faye didnt want to levea yet. So we stay there longer and then went
home.

9-7-18
When I was at school we did our daily paper editing. When we were done
we got time to do are must do. When it was time for math we got ready.
The frist thing we did was croccet our homework, after that we had to
do some math problems. After we did math we went out to recess. When
we go out me and my friends just talk. When we got back from recess it
was time for Soical Studies. All we had to do was write down want tool
would help the spanish. Everyone pick compass because it was the
easist. When we got extra time we read a book. When our time ran out
we went to lunch. Today I order fish stick. When it was time for
recess kid how want to do sutdent coucli was gave thing to get votes.
Someone brought in cazoon and everyone was make so much noise. When
recess end the person got in trouble. In class we were give more time
to do must do. When I got it all done I gotten to color. After a while
we had to go to the libray. After the libray it was pack up and clean
up. At the end of the day everyone did a count down.

9-6-18
Today at school we went and do our daily paper editing. When we got
that out the way we went on our must do. The thing I was on is the
level reader. The level reader was something that everyone had to do,
we all get a book to read or listenimg and answer question. The
question was cause and effect. When I got to the third question it was
time for math. In math we had to do a mix nummber worksheet and add
and subbtract. Everyone complatin how hard it was. After math we went
to recess, at recess we played sate tag. When we got back in class we
did Soical Studies. For Soical Studies we did cause of people and what
made them want to go to Aisa and the effect of what happen. We had to
do panther and my was Melean. After that we went to lunch. After we
ate lunch we went to recess and I played state tag agian. When we got
to class we got time to do our must do. Then we had to clean up and
pack up. Today we had a scince test so that meant we had scince today.
But we were eraly like an hour. When we got in we had time to studies
more then we got the test at 2. After we were done with the test we
get to do homework. And then it was the  end of the day.

9-5-18 
At school today we did our daily paper editing. After we did our paper
editing we went on to math. In math we learn how to subbtract mix
nummber. We had to three of this in till we got, after we got it Mrs.
Langely split us in to groups. The only people I had in my group who
where my friend was Brian and Taty. When it was time for recess we
gotten dount for Tyler brithday. And most of the class had to stay in
side. At recess we played state tag. When we got back in the class
room we did Soical Studies. In Soical Stuides all we had was write
short dention of tool they use to get to 
new world, when we had a spear time we read The Phatoom Toolbooth.
When we went to lunch I broght yoga and see friend reaction would be.
When it was time to play I played sate tag agian. When we got in the
classroom we read two story called Camping with the predist and
Liveing in the wood. After we read those two story we had to do cause
and effect. After we did that we had to get ready for PE. At PE we had
to do two laps and warm up. After we did that went to the lunch room.
The reason for this was to play vollyball. After we did that it was
the end of the day.

9-2-18
On Saturday I woke up by Faye play roblox. This was the 3 time Faye
was playing roblox. I was so tried I went back to sleep, 2 hours later
I woke up and Mom was get ready to go goodwill. She ask me and I want
to go but I told her no. The Mom ask me to ask Andrew if he want to
go. When I go in kitchen here want I saw pizza and bread stick, I went
to get a bread stick. Then I told Andrew to get ready to go with Mom
to goodwill. When Mom and Andrew left Dad want me to do my journal
because he was go to a customer and left me and Faye with the ipad.
But he told me to do my Journal before I get the iPad. By the time I
was done with Dad came home, 30 mins later Mom and Andrew were back
too. When Dad got home he want me to do a new command. The new
commands was to move a sentence to the end. At one point I want to
Faye to do it and took her a while to do, it took me 10-15 tries. When
I was done I got internet on the iPad. And Faye got do to three time
perfect. And Dad had to go to work because he had to go on the night
shift. 

9-1-18
Yesterday on Friday we had our first daily paper test. The test was
about Summer Solstice were the Sun stay out longer then normal. Today
was liberty day to renew or return books. This week me and Hailye were
the librarian, so we went to return the books. When we got back from the
liberty people were still take the test. At 8 40 we went to do Must
do. The first The first must do I had to do was my level reader. Each
student gets a two different story, I got Dog Gone. The story was a
little dog who got lose. By the time I was done it was time for math.
Today we split in to 11 groups of three. Our goals was to escape room.
My team only got to level 2 and we had to do a sheet with two
question. At recess we did state tag. I want to recess all the time.
In the class we did more Must do. At lunch I order fish stick and talk
to my friends. At recess we played state tag again, when we got back
from recess we went to the liberty. In the liberty we read a girl who
ask a lot of question. After liberty went to class and did more of our
must do. I had to finish Grammar and Vocab work sheet. When I was done
I had time to do games with my friends. Then Mrs. Langley told us to
clean and pack to get ready to go home.

 
8-22-18
In class today we gotten our daily paper editing. When we were finish
our daily paper editing Mrs. Langey gave us a list of things we must
do and after were done with the must do we can do the may do. The
first thing we had to do was Greek and Latin break. The next thing was
vocab paper on the Chromebook. After that we had to do paper. We had a
chance to do them yesterday but I had group. When I was done with the
must do I played on Think cereal. I hadn't play it 2 years. When the
group for today finish we did math. Today we learn how to compare
fractions. The method I use was the butterfly method. After we did
math we went to recess. For some reason there no dodge ball again. 
After recess when we went back to class we did Social Studies. I was
suppose to do location but my parter was fine do it by himself. The
person that I was help was doing Culture. When we were done we
everyone from the Desert Southwest came and copy,paste and, shared.
After we did that we made triorama. When we were done we clean to get
ready for lunch. When we got to lunch we were the last class to get
there, I order chicken patty.  The same thing happen like last recess
so it not important. In the class room we did Grammar. In Grammar
sequin. Sequin meant time it took place. After Grammar we did planner
clean up and pack up to get ready for P.E. At P.E The first thing we
did was run two laps. When everyone did two laps we did warm ups.
After we did warm ups we went to the multi purpose room to play
Volleyball. After the ball rang we went home.


8-20-18
At 8 me and Faye went to school. In class my class did our daily paper
editing. When we did that we got ready for math. Today we gotten our
SAB books. All we did was fractions again. When we were done writing
down our homework we went to recess. There was no dodge ball today so
me and my friend walk around. When the bell rang we went to class and
did Lagaun Arts. We did were ideas come from and meet our needs. We
got done

8-19-18
Yesterday I had a sleep over at my cousin house. I woke up by get
water on my face. The reason for this is because I said how ever woke
last would get water on their face. For breakfast we ate yogurt and
cereal. In the afternoon we played shop. Daisy and Faye were the
costumer and me, Dillyn, and Delyeah were the workers. Later Delyeah
what to play school. Dillyn didn't want play to play this time for
some reason. Soon relatives from their mom side came. Later we decided
to play hide and seek. The first place I hide was the garaged, no ever
found till they all gave up. After the third round I stop playing.
When I stop playing Delyeah buried me in pillow. After a while Mom
came and pick us up.

8-18-18
On Friday night me and faye went to sleep over at our co
8-16-18
again for the last time this week. Then we did a test for Language
art. Next thing we did was Social Studies presentation. Each groups
get a question and they had to answer it from the text. After each
groups did there presentation we went to recess. Today there was no
dodge ball. Instead of dodge ball me and my friend walk around and
talk. In the class room we did read about the four indians tribe and
their culture and how they live. After we read the culture we went to
lunch. I order hot dog but they were out so I got to get the other
choice. When everyone was eating they made a mess. When got dismiss
there were dodge ball this recess and I played. When we got in the
class room we did math. In math we did fractions again. It was
Thursday so we went science class. We where late because some people
were talking. We were still learn about planets. Then we went home.

8-15-18
Today at school we did our paper correction about John Murie life.
after that we got white bored and white bored markers to review 
fraction. When we were done we got homework and went out to recess,
just switch with people that are out. When the ball rang we went to
are line. In the class room we did BASE, We were go to use this when
we need to answer a question. Then after we were done with that we did
Social Studies, This year we students get to pick a new program for
the seven years. We get to see the first that had three books to us to
look at. We saw thing we all learn before. Then it was time for lunch.
When we got there the line was long. When I got my lunch I read most
of the time. Then we got dismiss to leave for recess. Again I play
dodge ball. When we got back to class to read The Phantom Tollbooth.
At the end of the day went to science class. We learn about planet and
the order they go in. After science it was time to go home.

8-13-18 Today at school I did was same routine. After 15 minutes of
walking
around the playground we head to our line. Today is Monday so we go
home early. The first thing we did was take two tests to see what
we need help on. At one point Mrs. Langly had to go help a other 5th
grand class. After we did our test we went to recess to play. I play
dodge ball with my friends. After that we went back to class. When we
got back we read The Phantom Tollbooth. And then we went to lunch. I
picked chicken nugget today for lunch. After we all ate we went to
recess, I went
to play dodge ball again. We went back to class when the bell ring.
When we got back to class we did our 5 love language. The 5 love
language are thing that make you feel love. After that we had to
clean up and stack up. When we were done we read more The Phantom
Tollbooth. And then it was time to leave.

8-12-18 
Today me, Faye and Dad went to the library to get new books. The first thing I had to do was my journal entrance about my first day at school. It took me two hours to get it done. After I was done Faye had to do her Scratch so I just play songs on google. In ten minuets or less Faye was done with Scratch and I found the books and we went to the car. When we got to the in the car Dad gave Faye the iPad for do her Scratch. The library we were go to was downtown library because all the other library were close. Faye use the iPad to play Gachaverse and work on our story.When we got there we took the books and the library card.When we went down to the kid area Faye went and ask the lady if they had and Splatoon books. The only one they had was the second one but she put on hold for us at our library.

8-11-2018
On Wednesday I went back to school. I didn't know where my class room line up so i ask for help. I felt sick because this was go to be my last year at Olive Grove. In the morning all the class expect kindergarten and preschool walk to get fresh air.We all go in side at 8:30 am. This year I got Mrs. Langly's 5th grand class. The first thing we did was unpack are supplies for the school year. Mrs. Langly told us to take the sticker on are desk and put on our shirt so she can see who is who. Then after we did lunch count and attendance she told us to find a partner and grab a paper and then talk about thing you have in common and things you have in difference. My partner Grace who was in my kindergarten class. Mrs. Langly gave us 20 minuets to get to know each other. 
